Connectivity review (#1047)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/reference/technology/USB.md

## Introduction

> A functional Mbed OS USB device consists of three parts: an implementation of USBPhy, the USBDevice stack and a USB component code.

Reviewer: We like to keep colons before bulleted lists, but I don't like two colons in a row. What do you suggest?

Author: I changed this so the double colon was no longer necessary, but there's another one below that I can't do that kind of restructure with.

## Synchronization

> The class *USBDevice* is an interrupt-safe class. It uses a critical section to provide thread- and interrupt-safe locking. USB components inheriting from USBDevice can use this lock, but it is not required.

Reviewer: Why bold the class name?

Author: ```suggestion
The class **USBDevice** is interrupt-safe. It uses a critical section to provide thread- and interrupt-safe locking. USB components inheriting from USBDevice can use this lock, but it is not required.
```

## USB device state

> USB defines five separate states of a device: **Attached**, **Powered**, **Default**, **Address** and **Configured**. Each state adds functionality. The **Attached** state has the least functionality, and the **Configured** state has the most functionality.

Reviewer: I love the rewording, but why bold the states?

Author: Typically do that for introducing key words and names.

| Address    |    No new functionality                  |
| Configured |    All enabled endpoints are functional  |

> The USB device can enter a state with less functionality at any time. This could be due to a loss of power or surprise disconnect. When leaving or outside of the Configured state, USBDevice ignores writes to and reads from all endpoints other than endpoint 0.

Reviewer: I'm still not sure what this means. Does it mean it can turn off or parts of it can stop working at any time? Is this specific to USB?

Author: Looking at it again, I think we're talking more *random* occurrences of power loss or disconnects, rather than 'at any time', which seems to imply it's a specific fault of USB.

Author: ```suggestion
Random power loss or disconnect can cause the USB device to lose functionality. When leaving or outside of the Configured state, USBDevice ignores writes to and reads from all endpoints other than endpoint 0.
```

Author: Does that communicate the idea more clearly?

<!---initially confusing wording--->
## USB component callbacks

> All callbacks that USBDevice sends to its children are prefixed with `callback_*`. USBDevice calls these callbacks with the USB lock held. One notable callback is `callback_state_change`, which USB components can use generically to handle leaving the Configured state. The USB stack automatically exits the Configured state on disconnect, power loss or USB reset.

Reviewer: This "that" is not necessary. Good catch on the tick marks.

Author: ```suggestion
All callbacks USBDevice sends to its children are prefixed with `callback_*`. USBDevice calls these callbacks with the USB lock held. One notable callback is `callback_state_change`, which USB components can use generically to handle leaving the Configured state. The USB stack automatically exits the Configured state on disconnect, power loss or USB reset.
```

To ensure a USB component runs on all supported devices, the USB component must select the configuration descriptor's endpoints based on the current device. This is because endpoint number and endpoint functionality can differ by device. A USB component can determine the features of USBPhy by examining its endpoint table.

> To simplify the process of selecting endpoints, use the *EndpointResolver* class. A USB component constructs the class with an endpoint table. The USB component can then call the class to find an endpoint of the given type and size. After the component finds all required endpoints, it can call the function `EndpointResolver::valid()` to determine whether this device supports this configuration. Below is an example of this:

Reviewer: Why bold the class name?

Author: Editorial choice on my part; highlighting key words and newly introduced names.

Author: ```suggestion
To simplify the process of selecting endpoints, use the **EndpointResolver** class. A USB component constructs the class with an endpoint table. The USB component can then call the class to find an endpoint of the given type and size. After the component finds all required endpoints, it can call the function `EndpointResolver::valid()` to determine whether this device supports this configuration. Below is an example of this:
```
